Story Time, Gather Around!
Warning: this may be tl;dr to some!


The Moment

Copyright (C) 2015 Ben Stover
Note:  This is a crazy ROUGH copy!
Before Reading:  Coincidental or Inferred References to People, Groups, etc are purely fictional!

If you like it please share it and let's see how far this beast travels! 
8)

Chapter 1 – Another Day

[“Wilderness” – opening scene – Erik’s POV]
October 2014, a Monday, 10:23 am, an office thirty-some miles West of Chicago.
Erik Mars made it a habit of being early to attend his company’s monthly meetings. He liked to have a few free moments away from his desk and the phone to reflect on his current life events. 
As he played with the ring in the right pocket of his beige, kakis slacks he rehearsed how he would ask Amy, his girlfriend of three years, to marry him later tonight at Big Plate their favorite Thai restaurant.
Soon everyone was there and the meeting had begun as it usually does at 10:30 am. Erik tried to concentrate, but today it was harder than ever. Not like these meetings were important, they were conducted more out of routine duty then for substance.
Erik’s eyes started to glaze over from the combination of boredom and the blue pastel painted walls of the conference room. His mind wandered back to his Amy. She will be so excited that he will finally be giving her what she’s been waiting for the past year. He just needed one more year to make sure she was the one. That they wouldn’t end up like his parents. 
When his eyes regained focus and his mind came back to the meeting at hand he was alarmed by the silence of his coworkers. Then he noticed he could not see the wall beyond the conference table. Something obstructed his view. He straightened up in his chair. 
Blues and greens; is that purple too? Erik wondered as he looked at the barrier to his view of the wall. He stared straight into what looked like an oil-on-water colored film bubble-like dome that enveloped him and the meeting participants. 
His heartbeat quickened along with his breath. Instantly he felt both giddy and the urge to cry. They have to be seeing this, I’m sure of it, or-
In a shriek of feedback the monthly conference call was lost. As it ended a far-off, ritualistic, drums and flute riff played briefly.
Silence.
Erik flashed his eyes to his immediate front across the conference table at Lisa Taft to see if she registered this madness too.
Her eyes were distant and passed from glazed to waterfalls.
Erik managed to turn his head against his stiffened neck to confirm his other coworkers were in the crazy moment too.
Good … I guess … not the only one who’s going nuts?
Those first colors of the bubble dome drained away to rhythmically pulsating tan blotches on a black canvas. Oh my GOD are those really dancing figures? Erik squinted into the coffee colored murkiness beyond. The same tune started again but with new intensity. The dancing blotches gave way to one central figure that appeared to be standing and waving its arms deliberately in some kind of pattern over its head. While the tune played a voice uttered several bizarre words. The voice finished and then the tune sharply ended with an electrical humming sound.
Silence.
Pop!
Crash!
Light!
Everyone was violently thrown from their swivel chairs in all directions away from the conference table. Erik twisted his body around with instinctive cat-like reflexes while he fell backwards. In momentary blindness he reached out his hands to stop his fall and grabbed a handful of-
“Grass?!?” Erik said.
His eyes adjusted to the light of his surroundings. He blinked a few times at what he thought was grass. He pulled in a long sniff of the segmented, curly, emerald green grass in his left hand.
Wow! Smells sweet an-
Whimpers and screams and swears came from various directions. Erik stood and tossed the grass aside; but did not remember to dust himself off once his eyes took in the scene before him. The conference table was there and the chairs with their discarded occupants.
“Damn, the floor too?” Erik said.
The group was now in the middle of a small forest clearing and the Sun shined brilliantly down upon them. A beveled edged circle of the concrete floor rested cracked up under the still standing conference table. A small circular looking section of the drop ceiling came along too and crashed down upon the center of the table once the bubble-dome-trip ended.
Continuing the same theme as the beveled, circular floor were cleanly severed portions of some of the file boxes that laid scattered around the conference room walls that had also been caught up in the colored bubble-dome’s grip.
Fascination paralyzed Erik as he swept his vision out from the table counter-clockwise taking stock of his coworkers.
Lisa Taft. Squatting. Held her head, shook occasionally and sobbed uncontrollably.
Mike Moore. Lying on the ground. Massaged his back. Mouth agape as he stared into the surrounding forest beyond the clearing.
Greg Staff. Standing. Eyes wide open he looked at the circular room section and then off into the forest. Rubbed a fresh bruise on his forehead.
Jim Estes. At the edge of the clearing. Put his right hand on one of the enormous trees that populated the surrounding forest in all directions. Removed his hand and looked up at its incredible height.
John Gebes. On the ground. Hunched over his own puke.
Sudden movement to Erik’s right interrupted his scan. Jeff Lamb, the boss. On the ground. He held his chest. His face contorted. He was soaked in sweat, his faced turned a pale shade of green and then he passed out. Steve Cordell and Sue Malta rushed to his aid to perform CPR.
Erik’s head jerked to the left to the sudden sound of Simone Gault as she cried hysterically and mascara ran down her cheeks. Jennifer Kowolski kneeled by Simone’s side, rubbed her back and whispered something into her ear with a worried look on her face.
Erik’s vision quickly paned back to movement at the table. Rudy Umber crawled under the table and curled up quietly into a fetal position.
A hoarse chuckle and the smell of cigarette smoke spun Erik around. Gary Heath. At the clearings edge. He turned towards Erik.
“Funny Mother Fuckers, huh kid.” Gary said.
Gary turned back to the forest and yelled. “Ok, come out and tell us we’re on camera! Steve, Sue and Jeff are probably in on the joke too, right?” Gary pulled long on his cigarette - his hand quivered slightly.
Erik ignored Gary and quickly turned back to resume his scan. He found his last two coworkers. Andrea Reyes was down on the ground next to Tess Rawlings who had fainted. Andrea gently caressed Tess’s right cheek and lightly squeezed her right hand as she recovered.
What the HELL kind of ‘Twilight Zone’ joke is this? Erik thought. He looked around again and felt dizzy. He dropped to his knees, his eyes locked onto a single curl of grass. He heard Steve tell Sue to stop. Jeff is dead.

#

[“Exit” – sequel – Steve’s POV]
Sue and Steve agreed to leave Jeff’s lifeless body to check on others. Sue headed over to Lisa, while Steve surveyed the area for anyone else in need. He spotted Rudy but Mike got to him first. Mike yanked Rudy by his legs out from under the table, forcibly stood him upright and held him in place until he could stand on his own.
Before Mike left he slapped Rudy hard on his back, “Grow a pair and be a Man!”
Red faced, Rudy stormed off to a nearby tree, promptly sat down and swore under his breath.
Looks like Rudy is alright for now, Steve thought.
He looked to his left and saw Erik, kneeling with his arms extended out to the ground in front of him, head down and motionless. Steve quickly moved to Erik’s aid before Mike or anyone else did.
“Hey buddy, how you doin’?” Steve crouched in front of Erik and grasped his left shoulder.
Erik slowly raised his head. Eyes watering. He rolled his legs out from under himself and sat down.
“You’re Ok.” Steve said. “Close your eyes and breathe deeply and slowly a couple times, that’ll help bring you down a bit. Forget about what you saw and let your mind go blank.” Erik obeyed robotically like a small child to its father.
Steve knew all too well what a cocktail of adrenaline and unfamiliar stimuli can do to a person. He knew he needed to calm Erik down or else he might succumb to shock and be another fatality. He knew because he trained for and seen it on deployment while serving in the US Army Special Forces. Stressful and chaotic situations where the norm back then. He learned to cope with that mix on his first mission.
Steve gently pulled Erik up to his feet. Brushed him off and gave him a pat on the shoulder. Smiling, Steve said, “Hey, it’s just another day. That’s the best way to look at any situation.”
Erik nodded affirmative and stood silently next to Steve. Steve turned and looked over the group and their entry point into the strange wilderness. He noticed everyone was up and either moving about aimlessly or standing still in awe of their surroundings. Some were asking questions in disbelief to whomever would listen.
With the distraction of being a first responder over, Steve began to realize that the plants were definitely not anything he was familiar with or learned about during survival training in the Special Forces or experienced during his many operations. Steve looked over at Jim, an avid outdoorsman, to see if his behavior confirmed Steve’s suspicions. Jim was now kneeling and held a few pieces of the strange grass from the clearing close to his eyes. His face showed signs of confusion. He smelled it, shook his head, stood up and walked over to a bush at the edge of the clearing and looked intently at its structure. Same face, whiff and head shake. Steve now took note of the fact that the air itself was laced with subtle sweet, exotic aromas that were probably coming from all the surrounding plants. He bent over, grabbed some grass, held it close to his nose and inhaled deeply for a few seconds. His head became light and his mind fluttered.
“Whoa, it smells like a hot lady’s perfume!”
“Exactly.” Erik sighed.
“Amy?”
Erik shook his head affirmative while staring at the ground.
“Come-on let’s try to keep busy with more pressing matters for now,” Steve said.
Erik and Steve moved over to where Jim stood. He examined another tree.
“Hey Jim, so what are you thinking?” Steve said.
Jim cleared his throat before replying, “Well, we aint in Kansas Folks! And no places I’m familiars with or read about online or saw on God damn Cable either!”
Gary walks up and blows out a bunch of smoke, “What!?! And now you’re the scientist, right Jimmy?”
“I go by Jim, ass-clown!”
“Hey watch your mouth, you can be fired for that!” Gary pointed his finger at Jim.
Jim blasted Gary’s face with a hairy turkey-sized fist that sent him straight to the ground. He stood over Gary like a bear over a freshly killed deer, “You act a fool again and I’ll kill ya!”
“Alright that’s enough-Jim is right,” Steve said. “I’ve been around the planet-in different environments-and I’ve never seen these types of plants. I have a strange feeling we may be a long way from home.” He realized the rest of the group had assembled around them and heard what he just said. Murmurs rose from his coworkers. More looks of disbelief. “Sorry guys but my gut instinct says we may not even be on planet Earth. The clues are all around us. Once night falls we can confirm it by way of star constellations.”

Sue gathered the group around Jeff and said a prayer. Afterwards Mike and John laid his body down several yards away from the clearing and covered it with branches. Steve warned them not to mark his grave site so as to prevent drawing too much attention from possible sentient life-forms in the area.
Jim made a fire for the group using some of the paper from the boxes as tinder to light some big branches he found nearby. Steve got Erik to help him make a circular barrier around the camp fire/ sleeping area. They laid the chairs and some logs down and rolled up a few large rocks to help make a large enough perimeter around the fire to allow everyone to sleep near it but also a few feet away from the barrier.
“This barrier around our perimeter really isn’t that much of a defense; but at least it will keep some of the smaller critters away. It will also reflect some heat back onto us throughout the night to help keep us a little warmer,” Steve said to Erik. 
After the barrier was constructed Steve asked Jim to help the group set up some bedding. Jim got John, Mike and Rudy to grab small twigs and lay them down first a few feet away from the fire. He directed Jennifer, Sue and Andrea to find some dry vegetation like leaves to lay down on top of the twigs. This would provide a somewhat comfortable, insolated barrier between the group’s bodies and the ground. 
As night approached Steve broke off the six legs from the conference table and evenly spread them out between the bedding and the barrier. He told the group that these were now improvised clubs and to use them in case of emergency. Steve assigned rotating two person fire/ guard watches to cover the late night hours until sunrise. 
Before the group finally went to bed he got everyone to pool their available snacks and water bottles they might have brought into the meeting before the strange event occurred. He rationed a portion out for dinner with enough left over for breakfast tomorrow.
The night sky was surprisingly clear providing Steve and Jim a perfect view of the stars. Unfortunately Steve’s assumption was correct when Jim conferred that the star constellations they could see where not at all the ones that surrounded Earth in fact they were completely alien – suggesting that the group was on a planet probably many thousands of light years away from Earths view of the universe. Steve with Jim’s help explained the grim fact briefly to the group and left them to sleep on it.

The morning Sun’s rays were a welcome relief from the overwhelming darkness and strange noises of -their first night in the new alien wilderness. Steve watched the group as they slowly got up and began to mill around unproductively again after consuming what was left of their food and water. He thought back to his training on evasion tactics. He knew they needed to be moving far away from this entry point and doing so quickly in case something intelligent heard anything and decided to investigate.
Steve overheard Gary talking to Erik, Andrea and Rudy about staying put and waiting for a search party. Claiming that home could not be THAT far away and surely the government knew what was going on. God damned fool, Steve thought. People like him are a threat to safety and security if left to sow misinformation. Steve walked up quickly behind Gary.
“Believe me, someone in the God damned government will-“
Steve put his right hand on Gary’s left shoulder and squeezed it hard as he came around him, “Gary is tired and has nothing to back his assumptions. Clearly something powerful enough to break the laws of physics brought us here and did so haphazardly. That tells me volumes. Just look at the floor, boxes and ceiling tiles that came with us. The floor itself is evidence that we were not caught up in an energy dome so much as a massive energetic sphere. A large enough sphere which we were lucky enough to all fit safely inside its upper third. I think this energy sphere must have been generated from below us in the basement. How and why? God only kn-”
 Soft crying came from behind Steve as Simone walked up and joined the group without saying a word. Andrea walked over to her, held her hand and rubbed her back gently.
Gary seized the moment of silence, “Yeah alright, let’s pretend Steve is right. So what? Do we venture out into that?” He pointed at the forest. “No fucking way! I’m not a damn Boy Scout!”
Steve made quick eye contact with Erik and raised his eyebrows with his lips pulled to one side.
Gary now frothing, “You all heard the noises coming from all around us last night. Who knows what the fuck is waiting for us out there!”
The rest of the group made their way over to the source of the yelling.
“Gary, calm down, you have a valid point.” Erik said. “If we are not on Earth, then what kind of strange animals and plants inhabit this place? Gary’s fears are understandable, but the fear of waiting for something or somebody alien to find us out in the open here is more terrifying to me.“ Erik turns to address the group, “I’m good with taking my chances buggin’ out instead of being a sitting duck for a predator which surely knows we are here after hearing Gary screaming.”
Gary’s head dropped as he coarsely exhaled and remained quiet. The rest of the groups silence confirmed their next course of action.

 #

[“Thorns” – scene – Narrator POV]	
Steve broke the silence, “Before we leave we need to quickly conceal our entry point as best we can. So let’s break apart the chairs and spread the parts around a bit. Flatten the remaining file boxes taking some of the paper as tinder for later fire making. Lastly we need to cover over the floor and everything else foreign to this land with the twigs and dead vegetation we used as bedding. We also need to break up the perimeter of our sleeping area by moving the rocks and branches out randomly to the edge of the clearing. Jim can you conceal the evidence of our camp fire?”

As Jim proceeded to erase the camp fire the group set upon the various tasks that Steve had prescribed. After everyone had finished Steve distributed the six table-leg-now-clubs, one each to: Erik, Jim, John, Mike, Jennifer and Andrea. Sue offered to carry the four empty water bottles in her large, studded, black leather purse. 
“Everyone quickly gather around me for a few more instructions before we head out,” Steve said. “Obviously most of us are not trained fighters and this is not a military deployment so what I’m sharing with you is being heavily adapted to our current situation and limitations. So keep that in mind and note that we are in a major survival situation above all else.” Steve looked around the group briefly.  “Alright, so we will need to stay in a single file column. Follow closely the person in front of you. Jim will be in the lead and I will be second in the column behind him when we start out. Those of you who have the clubs will spread out evenly throughout the line to provide some security in the event of an ambush.”
“Ambush, what!?” Rudy pushed deeper into the middle of the group and looked around past them to the surrounding forest. “Whoa, no way! What are you suggesting? Are we safe heading out or-“
Erik abruptly slapped Rudy firmly across the face sending him against Mike who promptly shoved him away to the ground. Erik erupted, “Enough! The Human Race, which you are embarrassing, has seen and done incredible feats in the wake of disasters, unbelievably scary times and did so against ridiculous odds. Our ancestors expect our undying Courage and Will to Survive. We are in this situation together and moving out together.”
Steve continued after a brief silence, “Yes, an ambush. We have no idea of what is all around us. So we will need to handle our movements in ways which may be foreign to most of you. While on the move we need to be looking around and listening to our surroundings-don’t stay in your head people we need to be watching out for each other.” Steve paused and quickly looked each of his coworkers in the eyes before continuing. “Noise discipline needs to be practiced while on the move: that means no talking unless it’s an emergency, quiet foot placements and try to move gently amongst the bushes and trees without breaking anything.”
He finished addressing the group by teaching a quick course on some simple infantry hand signals to be used while on the move.
“Alright that’s enough instruction for now, we really need to get out of here and put some distance between us and our entry point,” Steve said.
The group assembled as Steve had ordered and moved out in a tight single file column in a direction of Jim’s choosing. Jim had figured that he would try to keep the group on a relatively straight line away from their entry point until he found a land feature such as a ridge, body of water or some kind of trail.
The area of the vast forest they were walking through was mostly flat with a few random dips and rises along their route. Bushes and tufts of ground vegetation could be seen in all directions amongst the trees.

After the group had made roughly a thousand yards into the wilderness Steve then whispered to Jim to start moving the group in a zigzagging forward moving fashion changing direction every few hundred paces to prevent being easily tracked. While the group made their way another several thousand yards away from the entry site they began to feel somewhat at ease and seemed to be getting a hang of Steve’s instructions.
Tess however was the least at ease and tried her best to ignore the scary thoughts that gripped her mind by thinking of last Saturdays clubbing escapades with her girlfriends. Unfortunately while reminiscing she failed to see that Jennifer who was directly in front of her had just raised her right arm indicating a ground obstacle to step over. Tess’s foot collided with a gnarly branch and sent her stumbling off out of control to the group’s right side landing next to a bush with slightly purple branches, three leaf clusters and large sharp white thorns. Without realizing it she reached out and grabbed one of the bush’s thorny branches to help her get back on her feet. At that moment one of the thorns pierced her right hand and she screamed out in agony as the thorn’s hidden chemistry worked its way into her bloodstream.
Erik and Sue quickly made their way to Tess.
“Oh Goooood…my hand…damn bush!”
Tess collapsed to the ground and started to writhe in pain.
Torrents of vomit shot from Tess in all directions.
In between the vomiting she would scream as if being knifed in her belly.
Erik and Sue stepped back instinctively.
Tess went completely still.
“Holy Exorcist!” Erik said.
Erik dragged her a safe distance away from the purple, thorny bush. Sue checked her breathing and pulse and then her eyes. The group quickly gathered around them.
“Hey everyone listen.” Erik pointed towards the offending bush. “Those purple bushes with the large white thorns are very poisonous. Stay clear of those bushes and remember to be careful around all vegetation.”
“Sue, is she alive?” Steve said.
“No."

#

[“Questions – sequel – Narrator POV”] 
The sudden death of yet another member of their group forced them to stop mid-day, only a few hours after leaving their entry site, to make a hasty camp. Tess was mourned and quickly concealed about one hundred yards away from their new site. Once the site was prepared and a fire made everyone gathered around it and fell silent as they stared into the flames. A few minutes later Simone started to softly cry. This time Jennifer who was to her left reached out and stroked her arm. Simone started to slowly shake her head from side to side.
“Hey, it was a freak accident,” Jennifer said.
“No, it wasn’t!”
“Simone, there is nothing we could have do-“
“First Jeff, now Tess. It’s all my fault!”
“What are you talking about?”
Some of the group was now focused on Jennifer and Simone.
Tears streamed down Simone’s reddened cheeks. Her gaze was now on the ground. Shaking her head again.
“It’s because of my…my boyfriend.”
“What does he have to do with this?”
“Hey, isn’t he one of those fuckin’ guys who works for that ultra-secretive tech company EnerNode in the basement below us?,” Mike said.
Now all eyes were on Simone.
“My boyfriend IS one of those ‘fucking’ guys Michael.”
“And, so what?” Jenifer said.
“Well a few months ago he wanted to take our relationship to the next level and-”
“Jesus just spit it out already!” Mike said.
“Yeah, what are you getting at?” Jennifer said.
“He wanted to marry me, but I laughed and said that he needed to make more money.”
“Man you are a bitch,” Mike said.
“Mike, shut the hell up. Simone, please continue,” Jennifer said. 
“So a month ago he said he was assigned to a really expensive and secretive experiment as a junior engineer. He told me that he felt the lead engineer was too arrogant and that he was going to sabotage the experiment and try to get the lead’s position. My reply was only a smile. Then two days ago while he was asleep I went through his secret papers from work and discovered they were attempting to build and test a “dimensional portal”. At least that’s what one memo said. I couldn’t understand or even remember the rest, because to me science is a foreign language. Thinking back on what he said and what I found it’s all making sense now about how we might have gotten here.”
No one said a word for hours until it started getting dark.
“Steve, I am very hungry. What are you going to do about getting something for us to eat?” Rudy said.
“Don’t worry Rudy, tomorrow when it’s sunny and safe to move around we’ll get something in that stomach of yours. Okay people let’s all muster up some grit and get through another night. Tomorrow Jim and I will come up with a solution to our food and water situation and once we have enough of both we will move out again and find a more distant and permanent camp site. Alright let’s get to bed – same guard watch assignments as last night. I’ll be taking up Tess’s half of watch as well as mine.”

…<&>-<|>-<!>-<8><&>-<|>-<!>-<8>-<&>-<|>-<!>-<8>…
WHERE CAN YOU TAKE THIS STORY NOW IN WRITING OR GRAPHICS?
Do as you want with this but remember its Father!   ;)
…<&>-<|>-<!>-<8><&>-<|>-<!>-<8>-<&>-<|>-<!>-<8>…


